everybody a welcome Agner on the lane
places the ability of Isaac after birth
plus beautiful Kane run last time we're
gonna do agree to your run I'll spoil
that for you right off the bat
let's do Aiden greedy you're greedy near
as I call it
we got the D for a great rate of fire
and good damage to it the Tingo turn
before r RW it's not C so that's why I
don't make jokes
cuz I'm not good at them speed is slow
but not overtly horrible the d4 on a
normal run is borderline a guarantee
that you you're gonna win cuz you just
roll until you get something good which
is pretty much the same logic I'm gonna
apply here I just don't know how well
it's gonna work I have no reason to
believe it won't work well let me put it
that way I'm trying to set the stage
that I'm unaware of the consequences but
that doesn't necessarily mean that we're
we're screwed you know I can't believe
how lucky we've gotten with our payouts
from this guy to continue to get items
and we want to continue to get items
because you know that gives us more
tickets in the d4 lottery come on come
on Doh okay also still like completely
fine in fact why don't we save half a
spirit heart and go in here right away
ended up not being too positive for us I
think here's how we're gonna do it I
think we're gonna pop the Empress and
say that you know we're actually in a
good spot right now I think we have an
above-average start so let's take out
all of our you know starting waves with
the Empress actually working out for us
and then we'll probably start using the
the d4 because we're not looking for an
above average run the d4 gives you the
luxury as long as you can survive of
looking for a run that's well above
average and in fact beyond being well
above average could could be stellar or
it could be garbage but in an
interesting way so that's where we're
gunning for here
it's our aim
and then once we finish every single
wave including you know having picked
whatever the deal with the devil item is
or ignoring it because it's probably
gonna be a red chest full of troll bombs
then we'll buy our key we'll go to the
shop we might buy the seven cent item
which i think is spelunkers had right
now and and just bank that for future
rerolls but we'll see for now let's take
advantage of the fact that we got the
Empress which is fantastic for us we
still want that demon judgment to pay
out usually if you reroll into HP
upgrades of any sort you get all your HP
bags so or you get that level of HP back
I should say we're not gonna kill this
guy in nine seconds I'll tell you that
much like eight damage sorry eight rate
of fire with five damage still not
really anything to write home about it's
pretty good for the first floor but you
know long term not gonna do it for us
especially because it's a trap because
we don't actually have five damage or
1.3 speed for that matter
I don't like 1.3 speed sounds like a
like a Chinese action movie translated
into North American which is the
apparently language as far as I'm
concerned you know the language of North
American
or as you Brits call it for some reason
in English simultaneously manage you've
managed to offend Chinese English French
and Spanish speakers right off the bat
good start to this episode
whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa good sir i mean
i don't want to say i told us so but i
did i freakin a toda so stats are hot
trash now if we buy this I think we buy
that that's actually pretty good and we
get to keep the card which is it's fine
let's leave it at that
hopefully we get something of value here
and it is a tiered delay reducer which
is positive then we're gonna oh we got
HP back from the room as well so let's
finally get this guy to pay out
hopefully paid out with mom's bottle of
pills which I don't think is
particularly strong accepting gave us a
card which is actually very good
then we're gonna reroll our whole run we
got varicose veins champion belt rate of
fires worst speed is way worse shot
speed is way worse oh my god we got
undefined as well so we're gonna reroll
our whole run when we come down here and
we didn't lose the d4 thankfully I got
to just be honestly I don't know why the
door is open we got the mom
transformation I don't know where we
stand on this run at this point I also
don't know if the d4 actually allows us
to get out of the missingno conundrum
the lovers the dreamers and me blow this
up
I don't dislike that we're gonna we
shouldn't have taken it yet but I'm
gonna strength card right off the bat
we're gonna do the same thing we did
last floor effectively we're gonna try
to kill every wave and then we'll we'll
tackle the run as we see fit although I
may admittedly go for a faster reroll
just because now I'm starting to
appreciate the value of the mass effect
you know the larger number of rerolls we
can make and take more chances we have
to get something truly special modest
damage downgrade we have not lost
undefined so I guess what I would say is
don't get too attached to to any of the
runs that we roll here because if we're
stuck with undefined every single floor
we're gonna have something new which is
nice actually from a viewer standpoint
cuz it means we're never gonna know what
the what the actual like quality of this
run is gonna be that might seem stupid
but we do jumper cables so good we're
never gonna know what the quality of the
run is gonna be which means that even up
until that ultra greed fight and
probably up to the point where we're
during the ultra greed fight we're gonna
be you know shaking our head going is
this gonna win or isn't it we don't know
I mean as of right now I got every
belief that this run is okay
oh that was close we've lost our eternal
heart but we did gain HP from the reroll
I'm not saying that that justifies it
just saying functionally we're in a very
similar spot to where we just were six
rate of fire six damage good but not
good enough not long-term anyway so
Guardian spear is borderline not good I
always like it's one of those rare items
where the hitbox on it is about you know
1/8 of what the actual like sprite size
is always makes you think you can you
know be Heath Ledger in a Knight's Tale
instead you end up looking like Rufus
Sewell in a knight's tale that's right I
know the name of the character actor who
played the villain in the Knight's Tale
what's it to you
we only had one extra HP because of
strength that is true ok lucky power
pill I kind of want to take both of
these items we shouldn't we really
really really should so I'm just gonna
forget little harbingers even though
it's pretty good and we're just out
we're done we don't need anything else
on this floor we're gonna lose mob the
void but again it's another item in the
pool I guess try to get at least one
spirit heart no such luck
all right well reroll into something
good please this seems very bad
PhD maybe okay smelt mom's pearl they
can't take that away from us
shard of glass and pageant boy you can
do worse than pageant boy lock up please
HP is in a real nasty spot um we should
go for items that give us persistent
benefits
sadly HP is one of them Jesus juice
isn't necessarily but we'll go for it
anyway and it's actually pretty good
because we still have that black heart
available I mean it was a neutral payout
in the end except we know what was in
the room now okay well that was just a
wonderful turn of events keep in mind we
got 4.3 for damage here so we're
actually like this is the weakest run
we've had in a while
we've rear old damages gotten stronger
but DPS has gotten way worse I also just
have a guardian spirit of sitting out
there one day we're gonna it doesn't
matter really because of the fact that
we have undefined really we're not doing
a run anymore every floor is its own run
that was not smart every floor has
become its own run so we're just trying
to roll into something that's good on a
floor-by-floor basis I think we have
gimpy kind of thinking it might not be
the right play to take a bunch of damage
beelzebub okay they can't thank
Beelzebub away that's the that's the
other thing no matter what
don't blow this boy out please
sad bones Wow like really really
powerful sad bombs but no matter what
we're gonna be able to keep the ability
to fly that's worth something
today's modern world pinky
spirit hearts stick with us I wouldn't
mind getting that it works towards the
spun transformation one of the ways that
we can win this run is by getting it's
by getting an aggregate of good
transformations this run is is amazing
by the way
it sucks that we can't keep this one
because if we could just get a bunch of
bombs essentially every enemy is dying
to one sad bomb so this could be a
really really good run Abaddon I'm gonna
take probably shouldn't but it is
another transformation even though it's
very similar possibly like the same as
Beelzebub but okay so the whole thing's
getting rear old next floor I have no
idea where we stand but you know what
I'm counting my lucky stars for a couple
of transformations and I'm counting my
lucky stars that not a great use of the
world card I'm counting my lucky stars
that we have no obligation to donate how
do our bombs look just regular regular
bombs what a slap in the face I don't
even get out of bed for less than you
know homing bombs
I think the the other end game for us is
no do not oh my god the author the other
end game for us is copy
I know we've that's probably lumped in
with transformations but I just to make
it explicitly clear copy is the dream
transformation and almost any run can
work with Guffey even this run is like I
mean I shouldn't be dodging into the
enemy even this runs not that bad it's
not that good
it's not that bad but again like my
agency is taken away with the d4 because
we don't actually have a choice in the
matter anymore in fact you might want to
give up the d4 for a more reliable space
bar item at this point another
transformation okay it's it's chocolate
milk if we're gonna re-roll anyway we'd
lose the the function of being able to
reroll a garbage run before the floor is
over and that actually does carry a
certain penalty to it I suppose I don't
know man I'm kind of this is another one
that Oh kid nice tone as well it's
another one that's like a little it's so
zany I can't even follow it anymore like
the Seine is taken over some shielded
tears action
a weird spawning point for to mr. Fred's
Oh garbage can kick in my sphere of
influence again
I can't help but notice these are not
copy aisle can I mean the nail you got
to look at it right we can
we're already re rolling once per floor
you can use the Nellis fund we already
had spun that was not necessarily a good
pickup but you can look to the nail as a
little bit of extra HP instability in a
situation where that might be something
that's kind of important not to me cuz
I'm not a baby but now that's that's
needlessly dismissive now we really
really eat it if we get a bad bone know
it's soy milk soy milk with three damage
is pretty good and 20/20 I think but her
rate of fire is gonna be even better
we really really eat it if we get a bad
roll on ultra green like that's that's
our most awful conceivable outcome at
this point I know we have number two but
let's just blow these guys out the
old-fashioned way I don't know a lot of
this run I think comes down to deals
with the devil
we get a plus 0.2 damage upgrade huge
huge your the relic we do have the relic
I mean I apologize it's sitting right
there but it's uh it's hard to look at
that every single time you go down to
another floor you know you learn your
run just in time to never see it again
this is actually not good it turns out
2.55 damage with a one rate of fire
still relatively not good who would have
thought so we had to take a little time
to get ourselves we orientated there
we need a a reroll though unfortunately
it only comes in the next floor but dude
thank god this is not our ultra greed
run now I'm kind of hoping the game
gives us the chance to take the D 100
because I've seen the error of my ways I
was like we got a passive d4
turns out a passive d4 is kind of not
great well I mean actually I love
missingno but there's no denying it does
hanging out to dry in a lot of
circumstances
it's like the knock back here is proven
to be a little bit cumbersome stop this
this isn't even our deal with the devil
wave so we got Elm Lord that's my
favorite genre of music by the way deal
with the devil wave that in Simpsons
Korn
let's do it get me out of here
I'm using like all of my bombs like that
Led Zeppelin song you know the one I
love my bombs oh I love my bombs Porou
whoo very great great track I really
thought that those guys were ahead of
their time is specifically related to
the binding of issac it's like they saw
it coming
Led Zeppelin more like Ed Zeppelin I
don't even know what I'm taking at this
point I'm just like just spare me the
the indignity here so just a good run
here would be fun oh that seems horrible
the sound is nice though yeah I don't
know what's making that sound it kind of
makes me feel like there's bones in my
head rattling around or something but
we'll take piercing shots plus speed we
have Steam sale on this one nothing
wrong with that we should take the gift
into the deal with the devil
[Music]
I mean it's not bad actually but yeah
yeah yeah
so let's buy the gifts to get it out
there cuz we want to use that to get a
free deal with the devil
maybe I don't know at this point I'm
just trying to spare myself here oh yeah
don't get too attached to the items
apparently sure
booger tears even though we don't get to
keep them please sure again we could use
a better trinket in fact let's wonder if
we have evil upgrades we have one maybe
so I'm gonna gulp it not worth too much
but and then locus of conquests are
decent now this scares me this is very
strange it's like we're using the old
Chicago typewriter you know algae's on
soos
we have cursed the tower you know what
we do have is a Samson's
headband my favorite item Samson's
headband
looks like we shouldn't like off-brand
orange juice of these enemies another on
Zeus come on take it and take another
room that is an soos baby get another
comprehensive look at the whole floor
you know you got it
Shen if it makes you see rules it's our
final wave now I mean that was this is
an okay run it stinks that we're gonna
lose it but you didn't take the gift my
dude you didn't take the gifts well
we're not gonna get a charge probably so
ahead of Krampus I mean it's not great
it's okay
might have been able to yeah we would
have been able to take a battery charge
so it probably would've been better to
not do that gift us giving us I mean
blank card two hearts you're sore to
speak in my language we don't I mean we
could actually benefit from the HP
rather than spending on re-roll yeah
okay cuz blank card two of Hearts allows
us to double our HP multiple times but
what is the run we got Bob that seems
good
yes this seems okay we do have conjoined
in here somewhere we have the Mulligan
as well this is going to work it's gonna
be a little on the shorter side to be
honest with you I actually thought we
were gonna die it basically came down to
whether or not we got a good reroll on
the final floor and I'm very happy to
say that we pretty much absolutely did
it's still gonna be a little bit of a
slog because the super armor but what
else is new like Mulligan tech X good
damage I mean look at that we got a pack
AK in there it's pretty much not quite
as good as it gets but you know there's
a people used to make fun of me cuz
they're like when you get the D for the
D 100 you always just roll till you get
tech X how ironic that in this situation
undefined gave us no choice but to take
tech X which believe you me I'm very
happy about because he is eating it
we have poison shots as well I mean it
must be epic AG poisoning every shot I
thought maybe we were just getting lucky
with the Serpent's kiss but I don't even
know if we have serpents kiss on lock's
I thought we did but maybe it was bloody
lust that we unlocked recently they sort
of have a similar they don't I really
have a similar at all all right so we
got through phase one getting hit
exactly one time phase 2 is a way to be
evening it hit I don't know phase 2 is
harder we're immune to explosions phase
2 might not be that much harder we need
the money
come on my honey this is a really
dynamic run to have made it this far
with because to be honest with you there
were some times on this one where I was
like whether or not we win here is not
up to us it's pretty much up to a roll
of the cosmic bones and now we never
have to do even greed again even though
even greed is one of the more fun greed
archetypes like get down the one step
closer to doing even streaks metronome
has appeared in the basement another
item I very rarely use but that might be
my own nub my own fault we might as well
donate for raisins I suppose that was
just a nice like copacetic dynamic run
with a lot of uncertainty associated
with it but I'm certain - one thing we
don't have to do that ever again
so thanks for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button helps out a great deal of
course subscribe you want to see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time